So let's go ahead and create our first VPC.
Now we could launch the VPC Wizard,
but that would defeat the point of learning.
So what we'll have to do is create everything one-by-one.
So let's go into VPC.
I have one VPC available,
but I'm going to create a new VPC.
And the name tag is going to be DemoVPC.
Here we need to choose an iPv4 CIDR block.
So I will choose 10.0.0.0/16, which is allowed.
So, if we look at the CIDR here and calculate it,
that means that my First IP is this one,
and my Last IP is this one.
We have 65,000, or so, IPs in this range.
So, if I did /15, this would not work
because this would be a too big of a network, okay?
/16 is the limit for your CIDR site.
So for now we are not going to assign any iPv6 CIDR block.
We'll see this later on in the section.
In terms of tenancy,
we have Default or Dedicated.
And this is to define how EC2 instances launch
within this VPC.
We'll have either dedicated hardware or shared hardware.
Now, dedicated hardware is very expensive.
So we are going to have shared hardware by default.
So tenancy is Default.
So Tags is named DemoVPC. This is good.
Now we'll create this VPC.
And my VPC is created.
So if we look at this VPC,
as we can see we have one iPv4 CIDR, zero iPv6 CIDR, okay?
We have already a main route table
and a main network ACL associated with it.
So some stuff was created behind the scenes,
when we created the VPC.
And something we should notice is
that we are able to add other iPv4 CIDRs.
So in the creates dialogue, we could only specify one,
But if I do Action and then Edit CIDRs,
and then here, I could add a new IPv4 CIDR.
So I could have 10.0.0, sorry, .1.0/, excuse me,
10.1.0.0/16, which is the next CIDR after this one.
And then click on Save.
So we could have two different CIDRs in here.
And you could also add different IPv6 CIDRs.
Now to keep it very simple,
I'm not going to have two IPv4 CIDRs.
I'm just going to have one.
But I'm going to show you that you can have
up to five IPv4 CIDRs within your VPC, which is quite handy.
Okay, so we have this DemoVPC being created.
This is our first step to our demo.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.